app/{vminsert,vmagent}: added flags for periodical relabel and stream aggregation configs check (#9598)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

## tip

* FEATURE: upgrade Go builder from Go1.24.6 to Go1.25. See [Go1.25 release notes](https://tip.golang.org/doc/go1.25).
* FEATURE: [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/): add `-relabel.configCheckInterval` and `-streamAggr.configCheckInterval` flags for periodical stream aggregation and relabel configuration check. See [#9590](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/9590).

> * FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmagent/): add `-remoteWrite.configCheckInterval` flag for periodical check of all stream aggregation and relabel check. See [#9590](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/9590).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmagent/): add `-remoteWrite.configCheckInterval`, `-streamAggr.configCheckInterval` and `-relabel.configCheckInterval` flags for periodic config reload. When set, `vmagent` scans the corresponding configs for updates and reloads them automatically. See [#9590](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/9590).
```

Author: @makasim there are separate feature items for vmagent and vmsingle
